Extensions (#116)
golemfactory/yagna-docs: extensions/README.md

---
description: Yagna extensions
---

# Extensions

## What is an extension?

> The extension system is an opinionated way of enhancing the command line interface of `yagna` / `golemsp` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension system is the recommended way of enhancing the command line interface of `yagna` / `golemsp` and
```
are you sure you meant "opinionated"?

Author: Yep. The final form is up to you
